# Project 2 Final - Neo-Tenebris by Joseph Boumerhi

For my final project, I have made a top-down shooter. I feel that what I have done is decent and is part of the vision I had for my project, although I had difficulty seeking ambition, thus resulting in me working on this project slowly, and to a sufficiently final version that I can be happy about. I am proud that I have made this piece of work, and also showcased the prototype in its own little portfolio for my CART 214 class, which was Visual Form & Communication, which we discussed and experimented with graphic design (did it to try and boost my motivation on this project). A criticism would be that I should've progressively asked for help, so that the game would have "looked better", the pixel art is nice and was good practice with the tools in the editor I used, Piskel (although I could've spent more time on them for details). The art direction that I went for, like the uncanny, and the arena I thought as a giant intersecting hall, I really liked doing that and it makes want to take up drawing again. This makes me excited for later classes, and the tools that I might have access to in the future.

I would I think of this game as kind of a bullet hell (which I did through error (enemy shooting at every frame, and now per certain frame), and that made ecstatic), and the player should NOT stop moving, and shoot precisely (as that is a death sentence). It is a fast-paced experience that I was looking forward to make, and got the result of what I wanted. For how I did through coding, I think that I did alright, not the best as I could've in the mood that I have been. I got a lot of help from Samuel and Dana, I had the ideas for thinking of how the code would run, but I lacked very much the mood to think, so a lot is what was provided from our discord and GitHub, and was anxious as to what would be needed to be done and afraid to look elsewhere online. But I think that they helped me look for solutions through serendipity, and they would help me make it proper and find the solutions for them.

If I were to say what I should improve, it would be working habits, as right now through this online environment that we find ourselves in, I feel very engrained into habits of being at home, like laying around, playing games (procrastinating in general). Having depression had taken a toll on my motivations, but I am getting the help I need so that I could improve as a student and human. Dana told me that this seems like a sufficiently well done piece of work (by her tone it seems that it's great work, and probably be graded decently well), although there could be more modifications, she recommended that I submit now since it is the deduction is like 10-15%, and perhaps look back at this project in future to modify it (maybe do that later as practice).

I feel it's worthy of a decent grade, as a mark for me to see that I am capable of making something that is fun and in these hard times, and is a good stepping stone. I added the next class, Creative Computation II, to my course cart for the Winter 2021 semester. I feel excited for it, even if there's the risk that this project won't be graded highly.

Through the break, I think I will practice p5.js more, get more help set up for me at the school and more support for my feelings, and get some good rest (since my sleep schedule is destroyed, and that is one of many reasons that I felt like crap through the semester).
