# Project 1 - A Night at the Movies by Joseph Boumerhi

For this project, I watched a action movie that I stumbled upon recently on
Prime Videos (6-month trial Amazon as student). Since I knew who "Rambo" was and
who played him, Sylvester Stallone, I had really liked "The Expendables" series,
so I choose this movie to work on. I'm not really a person that watches a lot of
movies, but not many came to mind. I'll eventually watch the other "Rambo"
movies, it was fun. As to talk about the work, since I started doing it REALLY
late, I used Project 2 as template from last semester, probably still good idea
for using it, but the lateness hurt how long I would've had to alter an old
project into a more "original" version from it. Assuming that I would've gave
myself more time, I could utilized and learned more of what the p5 library has
to offer, perhaps making this game more sophisticated than the last.

For artistic work, although it was nice to make a Stallone and some generic
soldier to kill a bunch. I also used the same character model from last P2, so
I essentially made reskins from it. They do still have their own spirit in the
sense of looking to be in context of looking like characters from the movie, but
yeah, reskins. I utilized "Piskel" again and it went well enough.

For P2 this semester, I should actively look for new things to utilize (nervous
to try newer things in general). Work bit by bit not to stress and rush, it's a
big issue I have (I feel I do so to trigger a "fight or flight" response to get
the work done in a flash, albeit rushed). Watch tutorials for the pixel editor
program, Aseprite, since I do now own it (it looks good, and feels good to work
in, just need to get some practice it).

As for poor motivations, I have just felt sick of doing anything because I don't
believe myself hard enough, even though I am capable of doing so. There are
things to soon take care of, so I can probably work more efficiently soon. I do
get slivers of pride occasionally while working recently, I need to "something"
that gives me that feeling.

All and all, I hope this work merit a "mid" grade, because I feel it what I've
done for this project is painfully mid. But yet, it will serve as
warning/example for me to look at, so that I focus and do better for myself and
the next work.
